GMT-Ghostscript incompatibility: Give recommendations and extend examples (#3249)
GenericMappingTools/pygmt: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/4-release_checklist.md

  - [ ] All tests pass in the ["GMT Dev Tests" workflow](https://github.com/GenericMappingTools/pygmt/actions/workflows/ci_tests_dev.yaml)
  - [ ] All tests pass in the ["Doctests" workflow](https://github.com/GenericMappingTools/pygmt/actions/workflows/ci_doctests.yaml)
  - [ ] Deprecations and related tests are removed for this version by running `grep --include="*.py" -r 'remove_version="vX.Y.Z"' pygmt` from the base of the repository

> - [ ] Update warning in `pygmt.show_versions()` and note in [Common installation issues](https://www.pygmt.org/dev/install.html#common-installation-issues) regarding GMT-ghostscript incompatibility

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Update warnings in `pygmt.show_versions()` and notes in [Common installation issues](https://www.pygmt.org/dev/install.html#not-working-transparency) regarding GMT-Ghostscript incompatibility
```

Author: See commits https://github.com/GenericMappingTools/pygmt/pull/3249/commits/78eadd8ec1e28c849e781843776879b5dabb09da and https://github.com/GenericMappingTools/pygmt/pull/3249/commits/299ec6b553a34b175320b2383e98d9196afc99b0.
